# FinalProject
Final project for CS120\
A summary of the project goals - My goal was to make a combat 2.0 based on what we have done before. I wanted to make characters and give them different hit chances based on light, heavy, and regular attacks. They would have custom settings based on their character. I want there to be rounds and I wanted there to be power-ups per round that let the character advance their skills and the monster would steadily increase in damage/health. The goal is to survive as many rounds as possible.
Instructions the player may need - choose the character you would like to use, make sure to upgrade your character carefully and strategically based on their initial stats. Do your best to survive and choose your upgrades based on your character status after each round.
A list of technologies and techniques you used - I used classes, several functions, and the ability to progress through rounds and when your character can be updated throughout the game.
Citations for any external resources you used - Schools, W3. “Python Classes and Objects.” Python Classes, www.w3schools.com/python/python_classes.asp. 
A description of your process   - I went day by day and I completed my project in small chunks. I had no time limit it was solely based on what I completed. I did however change my project structure several times until I felt it was good enough. I am still adding to it even after it is turned in because I want to further my skills.
What did you learn? I learned how to make classes, update the game through rounds, update the character during the game, choose characters, add two kinds of hit points(armor)(health)
Where did you get stuck? I got stuck with the armor. I had to change the way I made the armor work several times because sometimes it would register that the armor was affected before the attack would happen or the damage printed for the armor absorption was random. As in I would hit the monster for 8 damage and it said the armor absorbed 13 damage. In all, the armor was the trickiest part of my project.
What would you like to improve? I want to make the characters more detailed and the power-ups a little more advanced. I will for sure be working on this after it is due just to make the game that I wanted in the end. I'm happy with the project I did, and I can't wait to continue it.
How would you do things differently next time? I would add more characters and I would make it a fight game with graphics the next time.
How far did you stray from the game design document? I was pretty on point until I had to balance the game which took a little while. I got the characters and all that down but the health damage and armor were changed several times as my progress went on. I never got colored text or a screen although. I was able to follow it mostly and the goals I set for if I had extra time were mostly incomplete which is okay.
How did you stay on track? I completed my project by checkpoints daily, or if I was bored I would go back to it.
